Clarify in docs that `next/script` must not be in `next/head` (#27534)
vercel/next.js: docs/basic-features/script.md

}
```

> Now, you instead put `next/script` directly into the body of your page. It has client-side functionality that decides when and how to load the remote script based on the `strategy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you use `next/script` in the body of your Next.js page. It has client-side functionality that decides when and how to load the remote script based on the `strategy`.
```

> **Note:**
>

> > - `next/script` **must not** be placed in either a `next/head` component or in `pages/_document.js`. The client-side loader cannot function in those contexts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - `next/script` **should not** be placed in either a `next/head` component or in `pages/_document.js`. The client-side loader cannot function in those contexts.
```
"cannot function in those contexts" could be more clear. Hmm.

Author: The severity of "must" over "should" is part of what motivated this change - because next/script currently fails silently if you put it in those places, I think the docs need to be more direct that that is something not to do.

Agreed that "cannot function in those contexts" could be more clear, though. Open to suggestions - maybe "The client-side loader will not function properly in those locations."?

Reviewer 3: > Agreed that "cannot function in those contexts" could be more clear, though. Open to suggestions - maybe "The client-side loader will not function properly in those locations."?

i would just remove that last sentence, the important bit is the one before imho

Author: @stefanprobst Alright makes sense - will do that.

> > - `<Script>` **must not** be placed in either a `next/head` component or in `pages/_document.js`. The client-side loader cannot function in those contexts and so your script will not load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - `next/script` **must not** be placed in either a `next/head` component or in `pages/_document.js`. The client-side loader cannot function in those contexts.
```
